apiosporina morbosa
morchella esculenta
laetiporus sulphureus
xanthoria parietina
gymnosporangium juniperi virginianae
lycoperdon perlatum
umbilicaria mammulata
bolbitius titubans
gymnopilus junonius
lenzites betulina
laetiporus gilbertsonii
hygrocybe conica
aseroe rubra
letharia vulpina
fomes fomentarius
xylaria polymorpha
chlorophyllum molybdites
leratiomyces ceres
lycoperdon pyriforme
fomitopsis pinicola
dacrymyces palmatus
coprinellus disseminatus
annulohypoxylon thouarsianum
coprinopsis lagopus
trametes versicolor
polyporus arcularius
amanita flavoconia
stereum hirsutum
xylaria hypoxylon
parmelia sulcata
hygrocybe coccinea
bisporella citrina
phallus impudicus
cantharellus cibarius
amanita muscaria guessowii
trichaptum biforme
calvatia gigantea
tremella fuciformis
hygrocybe flavescens
pseudohydnum gelatinosum
mutinus caninus
ramalina farinacea
phaeolus schweinitzii
usnea intermedia
schizophyllum commune
clitocybe nuda
favolaschia calocera
pycnoporus cinnabarinus
evernia prunastri
agrocybe parasitica
hericium erinaceus
cryptoporus volvatus
lactarius indigo
pleurotus ostreatus
hericium coralloides
amanita pantherina
hypomyces lactifluorum
amanita velosa
macrolepiota procera
crucibulum laeve
cladonia cristatella
dacryopinax spathularia
coprinus comatus
lactarius rubidus
ganoderma tsugae
exidia glandulosa
mycena leaiana
parasola plicatilis
ganoderma lucidum
strobilomyces floccopus
boletus edulis
cladonia rangiferina
lactarius alnicola
coprinellus micaceus
stropharia ambigua
piptoporus betulinus
leccinum scabrum
sarcoscypha coccinea
tremella mesenterica
stereum ostrea
aleuria aurantia
auricularia auricula judae
turbinellus floccosus
clathrus ruber
volvopluteus gloiocephalus
coprinopsis atramentaria
leratiomyces erythrocephalus
niebla homalea
ramalina menziesii
pycnoporus coccineus
ganoderma applanatum
ileodictyon cibarium
clavaria fragilis
scleroderma citrinum
leucocoprinus birnbaumii
letharia columbiana
flammulina velutipes
helvella dryophila
amanita muscaria
lobaria pulmonaria
armillaria mellea
hypholoma fasciculare
omphalotus illudens
scutellinia scutellata
flavoparmelia caperata
tremella aurantia
omphalotus olivascens
nidula niveotomentosa
polyporus squamosus
rhizocarpon geographicum
astraeus hygrometricus
artomyces pyxidatus
cantharellus cinnabarinus
cyathus striatus
entoloma hochstetteri
auricularia cornea
teloschistes chrysophthalmus
pluteus cervinus
