sparassis crispa
fomitopsis pinicola
letharia vulpina
pisolithus arhizus
trichaptum biforme
cantharellus cibarius
scutellinia scutellata
tremella aurantia
peziza repanda
cantharellus cinnabarinus
stereum hirsutum
schizophyllum commune
calvatia gigantea
amanita pantherina
omphalotus olivascens
stropharia ambigua
bolbitius titubans
chlorophyllum molybdites
marasmius plicatulus
tremella fuciformis
sarcoscypha coccinea
phallus impudicus
ramaria gracilis
amanita muscaria guessowii
hericium coralloides
cyathus striatus
volvopluteus gloiocephalus
polyporus arcularius
strobilomyces floccopus
fomes fomentarius
amanita velosa
lepista flaccida
meripilus giganteus
lepiota cristata
hebeloma mesophaeum
ganoderma applanatum
ramalina menziesii
volvariella bombycina
amanita muscaria
tremella mesenterica
geastrum saccatum
trametes versicolor
cladonia cristatella
hydnellum ferrugineum
pholiota squarrosa
ganoderma tsugae
lobaria pulmonaria
gymnopilus junonius
laccaria amethystina
craterellus cornucopioides
helvella dryophila
collybia cirrhata
parmelia sulcata
auricularia auricula
artomyces pyxidatus
gyroporus castaneus
pycnoporus coccineus
clavariadelphus truncatus
lyophyllum decastes
favolaschia calocera
panaeolus papilionaceus
aseroe rubra
flammulina velutipes
mitrophora semilibera
coprinopsis lagopus
lycoperdon perlatum
aleuria aurantia
tricholoma ustale
omphalotus illudens
teloschistes chrysophthalmus
stereum ostrea
mutinus caninus
leccinum scabrum
inocybe rimosa
boletus edulis
auricularia cornea
leucocoprinus birnbaumii
hygrocybe conica
pleurotus ostreatus
flavoparmelia caperata
bisporella citrina
pseudohydnum gelatinosum
lactarius indigo
clitocybe nuda
hohenbuehelia petaloides
ramalina farinacea
coprinopsis atramentaria
chroogomphus rutilus
russula virescens
discina ancilis
inonotus hispidus
cryptothecia rubrocincta
hygrophorus agathosmus
suillus pungens
otidea onotica
laetiporus sulphureus
exidia glandulosa
gymnosporangium juniperi
auriscalpium vulgare
hypomyces lactifluorum
xylaria hypoxylon
coprinellus micaceus
cladonia rangiferina
lactarius rubidus
melanoleuca exscissa
agaricus urinascens
agrocybe parasitica
morchella esculenta
polyporus squamosus
pseudoclitocybe cyathiformis
umbilicaria mammulata
dacryopinax spathularia
calocera cornea
amanita flavoconia
mycena leaiana
ileodictyon cibarium
cryptoporus volvatus
chalciporus piperatus
hericium erinaceus
sarcodon imbricatus
apiosporina morbosa
letharia columbiana
rhizocarpon geographicum
phellinus igniarius
leratiomyces ceres
clathrus ruber
amanita phalloides
clavaria fragilis
phaeolus schweinitzii
xylaria polymorpha
leucoagaricus leucothites
coprinus comatus
leratiomyces erythrocephalus
pycnoporus cinnabarinus
ganoderma lucidum
cortinarius violaceus
lenzites betulina
cystoderma amianthinum
xanthoria parietina
niebla homalea
coprinellus disseminatus
laetiporus gilbertsonii
clitopilus prunulus
scleroderma citrinum
annulohypoxylon thouarsianum
armillaria mellea
pluteus cervinus
evernia prunastri
lactarius alnicola
entoloma hochstetteri
nidula niveotomentosa
usnea intermedia
crucibulum laeve
hypholoma fasciculare
lentinus strigosus
parasola plicatilis
macrolepiota procera
turbinellus floccosus
paxillus involutus
hygrocybe flavescens
bovista nigrescens
galerina marginata
hygrocybe coccinea
hydnum umbilicatum
dacrymyces palmatus
psathyrella corrugis
gyromitra esculenta
astraeus hygrometricus
hygrophoropsis aurantiaca
piptoporus betulinus
lycoperdon pyriforme
